Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
There!
Another day of cleaning up all these
cigarette butts off the ground.
What the hell?!
- Crap.
I got tar juice on my clothes.
Yanineko. what are you. nuts?!
Rent's not due until next week. right?
Schwing!
Just be more careful from now on!
I just found a long ciggy butt!
It's a little black
from some weird juice. though.
It'll be fine.
Damn it!
That stupid. raunchy cat!
Why?!
BE MINDFUL OF YOUR SURROUNDINGS
TO AVOID EXPOSURE TO SECONDHAND SMOKE.
SMOKING UNDER THE AGE OF 20
IS PROHIBITED BY LAW.
A brand-new pack of smokes.
But it's not in its complete form yet.
New packs are packed tight.
When you take out about five.
it leaves just enough room
to fit in a cheap lighter.
Nothing beats a pack of smokes like this.
Life in its perfect form is fleeting.
It's packed so tight
that I can't get any out.
Ain't no way.
Just why?
What did I do to deserve this?
Wait. three-second rule.
I'll just take home the ones
that didn't land in shit.
Money's already tight this month.
They're probably fine
if I just cut off the tips.
Chainsmoker Cat!
Okay. all anthro temps.
can I have your attention?
Here's what you're doing today.
And by the way. the entire facility
has a strict no-smoking policy.
Your cigarettes will be confiscated
until you clock out.
After 20 minutes of no smoking.
blood pressure and other vital signs
return to normal.
After 30 minutes of no smoking.
nicotine concentration in the body halves.
and withdrawal symptoms begin to appear.
After six to eight hours of no smoking.
carbon monoxide and oxygen concentration
in the blood return to normal levels.
Where did number 56 go?
She bolted!
She has 30 minutes left on her shift!
That's so good!
Are you the anthro helper?
This vase is a national treasure.
I ask that you don't scratch it.
or get your beast smell all over it.
You got it.
How is it even dirtier
than it was before you polished it?
Plus. it smells like a train station.
Curse you!
I have 170 yen to my name.
And six cigarettes.
There are six days left
until my next day job.
I have to live off of 28 yen a day.
And one cigarette a day.
Okay. it's doable!
This is my first and last cigarette
of the day.
When I'm smoking.
I'm freed from my worries.
Yeah.
Surviving six days on 170 yen is nothing.
Okay. maybe just one more.
Well. crap.
You know. smoking just one a day
was gonna be too hard anyway.
Now that they're gone.
I'll be able to accept it.
Why does this always happen?
Always. always. always!
Why is my willpower so shit?
I'm not a bad person.
God hasn't abandoned me yet!
Your total is 1.160 yen.
REMAINING FUNDS: 10 YEN
Chainsmoker Cat.
Sis?
It's been a while.
What's going on?
Nothing. just calling because I wanted
to hear my little sister's voice.
You're weird.
I miss you. It's been way too long.
You should come hang out sometime.
No way.
- What?!
Your place always smells like cigarettes.
I bet your floor is covered in ash.
Of course not.
Then send me a pic of your room.
I'll consider coming over after I see it.
I'm going to clean this place up.
I'm going to do it.
First. get the trash together.
No. I need trash bags before that.
What do I do with the floor?
Gather the butts.
throw them out. clean the fridge.
Clean the poop ring.
I'm in so much trouble.
I'm running out of time!
It hurts.
Why am I so unlucky?
I need to smoke.
These are still totally smokable.
This one hasn't been smoked!
Best day ever!
I'm so lucky.
It's Sis.
She must have scrambled to clean her room.
I guess if it's just a little messy.
I'm willing to overlook it.
LOOK. LITTLE SIS!
Poop.
GO DIE
I think I'll try to stop smoking
since Little Sis seems mad.
That's way too many words.
I mean.
the more I put on. the better. right?
DO NOT TRY THIS AT HOME
What?
Wow. you haven't smoked
for three whole days?
I'm just doing my best.
I mean. you were smoking so much.
it's like you were running on nicotine.
I'm so proud of you!
You are?
I'm serious!
This is without a doubt the greatest thing
you've ever accomplished.
Come on. you're praising me too much.
What?
Nothing beats beer
in the middle of a weekday.
It's a heart-shaped smoke ring.
That's gotta be a lucky sign.
Hey there.
What do you want. Smoke-face?
Just sharing my good fortune.
Hey.
Go buy me some booze and smokes.
Beer and Mild Seven.
But I need to do my homework.
You talking back to me. boy?
Stop your stupid studying!
You're getting a job
right out of middle school anyway!
But...
You should be grateful
I take care of your ugly mug.
Now show a little gratitude and go buy
my booze and cigarettes. you little shit.
What's wrong?
Honestly.
What's with my sister and the landlord
ganging up on me. telling me I smell?
Man. I hate showering.
What a pain in the ass.
But you know. despite everything.
it does make me feel refreshed.
Baths are like laundry for your soul.
Maybe I actually like being clean.
Yeah. getting clean is a pain.
but I do love me a good smoke
after a bath.
My throat hurts. and I have chills.
Could I have a cold?
Yeah. this is definitely a cold.
The cigarettes taste so bad.
I can't smoke at all.
I need to rest.
Thank you. come again.
Okay. I can at least manage
to smoke menthols.
Help.
Why did you run away?
I went out of my way to come nurse you.
I thought you were someone
from Public Health.
Normally. people don't come and nurse you
in a hazmat suit.
That's because it smells like cigarettes.
and you never clean.
I can't handle the combo of trash and tar.
Anyway. how do you feel?
A little better than yesterday.
I'll make you some porridge.
Her words may be harsh.
but she still came despite everything.
My little sister loves me.
Porridge is done.
Oh my god. are you okay? I'm so sorry!
Gross! No way!
Where's my mask? No. no. no!
What the hell?
What is this?
Does it really smell that bad?
Not gonna lie. that hurts.
THE PREVIOUS DAY
If it isn't Imoko.
Hello. Kansai.
Thank you for everything you do
for my sister.
You're so polite.
Are you really that thing's sister?
What're you doing?
Apparently. my sister caught a cold.
So. I came to buy a hazmat suit.
I see. that's why you're here.
Still. can't believe that thing gets sick.
My sister has always been prone to colds.
She'd do stuff like
eat 50 popsicles in one sitting.
Or jump into snow wearing a T-shirt.
And every time. I take care of her.
Sounds like a lot of work for you.
Tell me about it.
It must be a hassle coming out this way.
I don't mind checking on her
if you shoot me a text.
Thank you.
But nobody knows my sister better than me.
I think it's best if I'm the one
who takes care of her.
So cute.
- So cute.
Let me adopt you.
Why?
Chainsmoker Cat.
Doctor. are my sister's lungs...
She is definitely going to die.
No!
She has maybe two. three months left.
Well. maybe a little longer.
Around 100 days?
One-hundred...
cats?
Imoko!
How dare you make my sister cry!
Your lungs are to blame.
Look. I get it.
Everybody dies eventually.
That's all there is to it.
No smoking inside the hospital.
you filthy beast scum!
A dream?
It was just a dream?
So the lung cancer and the 100 days left
to live were all just a dream?
Sis?
What's wrong?
Did I wake you up?
No. I was doing my homework.
You sound kind of down.
Did your cold come back?
I'm fine.
Really?
Yeah.
Really. It's nothing.
I just wanted to talk to you.
Yeah?
Anyway. you need to take care of yourself.
It's not easy coming over
in a hazmat suit. you know?
Imoko.
Yeah?
I'm going to quit smoking. I swear!
Look outside. It's really pretty.
Amazing. isn't it?
Apparently. the Milky Way
is really clear tonight.
I don't know what happened.
but you can always call me
whenever you want.
The stars are so pretty.
Yeah.
I'm right here
under the same stars.
It looks like cigarette smoke.
What?
What was that sound?
Sis?
I heard a flick.
Was that a lighter?
What did you just light?
You said you were going to quit smoking!
Man. that tastes good.
Subtitle translation by: Zensho Yamamoto
THIS IS A WORK OF FICTION.
UNDERAGE SMOKING AND DRINKING
IS PROHIBITED. DO NOT IMITATE.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today